Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oh oh oh oh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh
We had better bring me money before.
Why can't you satisfy me?
You owed me a favor before when you looked like that
So compared to the plot of this transfer
Now my daughter is lighter than her second daughter.
You are valuable
This is more difficult for me to say
It's a fee for me
How do you deserve to fight in that kind of war?
What do you want from my father?
It's up to you to control me how you want
Mom is qualified to be in a place like this
of course i have
Because of this transfer
Just for me
Don't die laughing
Is it Hanadaoko?
It was my father who wanted to show who runs everything
At the same time, she also wanted to install her five-screen hoop
Lord of the local army
Even if you don't care about anything, you can still return it.
of course i will
Because of that five-screen circle device
Just want to send it to me